<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Help</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    h3 {
      margin-bottom: 0.3em;
    }
    p {
      margin-top: 0px;
    }
  </style>
</head>

<body>
<h3>It's a new month, but the wallpaper hasn't changed!</h3>
<p>
The wallpaper isn't always immediately made available at the beginning of each month.  It sometimes takes a few days for the Logos Hope people to upload the new wallpaper.  (I'm sure they're busy people!)  You can check the website to make sure.
</p>

<h3>The wallpaper changed, but most of it is grey!</h3>
<p>
This can happen if the wallpaper file didn't download properly.  Since the file is already downloaded, clicking <tt>Set Wallpaper</tt> will simply set the wallpaper to the already-downloaded file, which won't solve the problem.  In this case, you need to click the <tt>Clear Cache</tt> button below.  That will remove the damaged file.  Clicking <tt>Set Wallpaper</tt> will then download the wallpaper again.
</p>

<h3>I cleared the cache and downloaded the wallpaper again, but the wallpaper didn't change!</h3>
<p>
Since the name of the file being set as the wallpaper hasn't changed, the system may not bother reading the file again.  (It assumes it hasn't changed.)  Try setting your wallpaper to something else, then clicking <tt>Set Wallpaper</tt> again.
</p>

<h3>I'm still having problems, and none of this has helped!</h3>
<p>
Please don't hesitate to get in touch with me at: <a href="mailto:pdgiddie+logos@gmail.com">pdgiddie+logos@gmail.com</a>.  I'd be happy to help &mdash; maybe you found a bug that I missed!
</p>

</body>
</html>
